Cheng is not careful at all.
Just listen to me honestly,
After depositing, we will not give you a lump sum.
You give it to me, but I won’t give it to you!
Tell me, what do you want me to do this time?
Before you, I also did the design,
I also let you think it was intentional,
Let Qing Yan Chi see it with your own eyes,
I'll also try to get together with Weibo Yang Shi.
Not Bo Yang, not a gift from the group,
Don't worry, I will definitely help you. Mr. Wei
You drop me out
Have you checked the situation?
He has none
Called uppermost
It was Xu Tu who happened to get on the bus
Sister is following you
Been with me for a while
It seems that my people discovered it
Seems like he hasn't done much.
So I just let it go
He planned you last time
It was wrong to go with him
He's following you
Then he must know the truth about you
He deserves this kind of intrusion.
There must be other interests
will follow you
In addition, I mistakenly checked Xu Tu
If you look at this, it’s the Ling family
Before Xu Tu had contact with the Ling family
Only Wei Zhi wants to find out
The facts about the person who released Xu Hong
but got hit by some projectile tubes
You really gave the evidence this time
I'll give it a try
Prove your intentions
Xu Hong’s personal confession with you
It’s better to luck out
There is indeed a way to dismantle it
But there is no use for me and him
He has nothing to do with him
He has a useless line with him